---
id: 72
title: My Birthday
date: 2004-08-10 23:53:00
author: nickmoline
extends: _layouts.post
section: content
guid: http://50714881
permalink: /2004/08/10/birthday/
readability_ARI:
dsq_thread_id: 950134988
categories:
  - Life
tags:
  - Birthday
---
Well today was my birthday, I spent the vast majority of my day listening to Microsoft spokespeople telling me how great Microsoft is&#8230; But hey, it was a TS2 event so I get a free copy of Microsoft Office for giving them my time, and the seminars were quite enlightening. I learned several details about Windows Server 2003 which will help me with a couple of my consulting customers who use that platform.

<!--more-->

I haven&#8217;t gotten much for my birthday this year. An old friend of mine from California sent me a book, which I received last week. It&#8217;s called [bird by bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0385480016/nickdotpro-20) by Anne Lamott, and so far is an interesting read. I made comment to my old friend about a year ago that I&#8217;ve picked up writing as a hobby and she obviously remembered.

Goo sent me the great gift of cash, in the form of a paypal transaction. The lead sound man at my church gave me a $30 gift certificate to my favorite store, Fry&#8217;s Electronics, and my mother gave me a small book by the lead singer of Mercy Me. She is also, as my &#8220;larger&#8221; present, going to pay to have the tires on my car replaced, which will be nice, because I haven&#8217;t been able to drive anywhere lately.

For my birthday dinner tonight we had steaks, which were very good, and for desert we had Strawberry Shortcake, also very good. David wasn&#8217;t here of course, because [he is still in Washington state]({{ $page->postLink("2004-08-02-hes-gone") }}) acting in a short film entitled _The Steps: Rachel_.
