---
id: 57
title: BLOG:CMS v3.0 XE
date: 2004-06-29T01:56:00-07:00
author: nickmoline
layout: post
guid: http://970167901
permalink: /2004/06/29/blogcms/
dsq_thread_id: 961290962
categories:
  - Writing
tags:
  - Blogging
  - BLOG:CMS
---
Well I'm changing blog systems to BLOG:CMS because Movable Type has gone commercial. I chose BLOG:CMS because it was based on Nucleus (which was open source (aka, non commercial) and has a nifty little importer feature where I can import all my blog entries from MovableType and thus.. not lose anything. BLOG:CMS was nice as well because it had a number of built in skins and templates and plugins, so without waiting for JMac to figure out how to port my beautiful old blog template over to a new one, I can at least have a somewhat functional skin right off the bat. There are also a number of nifty add-ins that BLOG:CMS has by default that would be difficult in MovableType.

In the expanded version of this post you will see the shameless plug by the authors of BLOG:CMS for the software as well as a feature list. Thank you 🙂

<!--more-->

> **BLOG:CMS XE** contains advanced skins, 45 pre-configured plugins, fully compatible with table prefix, advanced CSS files, and much more. It generates XHTML 1.0 STRICT valid code.

#### Plugins included in BLOG:CMS v3.0 XE:

  * **NP_BlogWithOffset**: display blog per page.
  * **NP_Calendar**: calendar with links to days you've posted.
  * **NP_Chat**: minichat / shoutbox plugin.
  * **NP_CommentControl**: comment control against trolls and spammers.
  * **NP_CommentEditLink**: edit all comments directly from your blog.
  * **NP_CommentPreview**: preview comments before being posted.
  * **NP_CSS**: CSS Style Switcher.
  * **NP_EditControls**: htmlArea: WYSIWYG editor for Nucleus CMS.
  * **NP_FancierURL**: URLs like /item/this-is-a-title instead of /?itemid=123.
  * **NP_FancyText**: phpBB like formatting, threaded discussion for comments, smilies.
  * **NP_GZip**: GZip your website to save bandtwith.
  * **NP_LatestComments**: shows last 5 comments made.
  * **NP_LatestDisc**: shows last 5 discussions in 5 different articles.
  * **NP_LatestItems**: shows last 5 articles posted.
  * **NP_Log**: simple log for your blog.
  * **NP_MailToAFriend**: email an article.
  * **NP_MostKarma**: shows posts with most karma points.
  * **NP_MostPopular**: shows most commented posts.
  * **NP_MostViewed**: shows most viewed posts.
  * **NP_Newsfeed**: blogroll, works for your own blog too!
  * **NP_OffsetArticles**: links to next/previous 10 articles, titles, latest commets.
  * **NP_OffsetEntriesLink**: jump to next/previous set of articles.
  * **NP_PageLinkList**: go to page 1,2,3, etc.
  * **NP_PDF**: export article to PDF.
  * **NP_Poll**: run polls with multiple questions.
  * **NP_Print**: print your article.
  * **NP_Random**: display a random quote.
  * **NP_Referrer**: track who is linking to your website.
  * **NP_Related**: show local and google search results, related to your article.
  * **NP_RSSBlog**: RSS feed of last 20 comments made.
  * **NP_RSSItem**: RSS feed of current item.
  * **NP_SearchHighlight**: highhlight search results for users that came from google.com and like.
  * **NP_Table**: create tables, lists, header files online.
  * **NP_TrackBack**: trackback for your articles.
  * **NP_Viewed**: article views counter.
  * **NP_Weather**: shows weather forecast for next 3 days + current weather.
  * **NP_WIE**: who is online plugin.
  * **NP_WordCount**: count words in your article.
  * **NP_XMLTools**: RSS feed of complete articles, or only extracts.