---
id: 7
title: Crack out the Resumes
date: 2003-07-16T22:03:36-07:00
author: Nick Moline
layout: post
guid: http://1245344719
permalink: /2003/07/16/resumes/
Views:
  - "1"
  - "1"
readability_ARI:
  - "8.6"
  - "8.6"
readability_CLI:
  - "7.2"
  - "7.2"
readability_LIX:
  - "24.4"
  - "24.4"
word_stats_word_count:
  - "295"
  - "295"
word_stats_keywords:
  - 's:21:"a:1:{s:4:"week";i:4;}";'
  - 's:21:"a:1:{s:4:"week";i:4;}";'
word_stats_cached:
  - "1"
  - "1"
dsq_thread_id:
  - "963102246"
categories:
  - Stress
  - Work
---
Well the continuing saga of if Western Carolina Wireless is going to continue operating goes on and on. Depression seemed to be at one of its highest points ever at the office today. In fact both of my coworkers left considerably early, and before 3 p.m. I was the only one at the office, and I stayed there till about 6 all alone.

<!--more-->

Trying to get a response out of my boss is sometimes like trying to turn water into wine, yeah you know someone&#8217;s done it before but you sure as heck don&#8217;t know how to do it yourself.

Basically we found out today that the next round of paychecks will be our absolute last. The pay period ends this Friday and then the paychecks arrive next Friday. Basically next week we will be working minimal to keep things operating, but my coworkers are not planning to install any new service.

As for me personally&#8230;. Well if there are any businesses out there that need my skills, an online version of my resume can be found <a title="Nick's Resume" target="_blank" href="http://www.10minuteresume.com/resumes/cap/">here</a>.

In other news, I&#8217;ve been rather lonely lately and have been waiting impatiently for the promised visit from my little brother. He promised months ago that he would come to visit me this week, but day after day I ask him &#8220;what day you coming&#8221; and the answer is &#8220;this week&#8221; Of course he has only 2 more days where he can possibly answer &#8220;This week&#8221; before he lies.

Ahh depression, it is so much fun, perhaps I should write another chapter of my fanfic, that always cheers me up, oh wait I already did that today, perhaps I&#8217;ll just watch Who&#8217;s Line is it Anyway (which just came on TV), talk to you all later.