---
id: 161
title: Happy New Year 2008!
date: 2008-01-01T00:16:22-08:00
author: nickmoline
layout: post
guid: http://www.nick.pro/2008/01/01/happy-new-year-2008/
permalink: /2008/01/01/happy-new-year-2008/
dsq_thread_id: 929892421
categories:
  - Events
tags:
  - New Years
  - Work
---
Has it been a year already? It seems like such a short time ago that I [sat up at 2 a.m. in a hotel room in San Simeon, CA]({% post_url 2007-01-03-2006-a-nick-oddity %}) writing about 2006. I claimed 2006 incredible and, an &#8220;oddity&#8221; in my life as for the first time in recent years I was not alone and sad on New Years Eve.

Tonight I&#8217;m starting a little early, it&#8217;s 11:31 p.m. right now as I type these words (I imagine it will take me a bit to finish writing this post) on New Years Eve, and I&#8217;m capping yet another amazing year in the life of Nick Moline.  
<!--more-->

2007 was an incredibly busy year as I focused on work. Working at Justia has been incredible and I&#8217;ve vastly enjoyed my work. I&#8217;ve worked on a ton of projects that have provided incredible free legal resources to the world and I&#8217;m quite proud of the company I&#8217;m working for.

I&#8217;ve also got to have a great time on personal projects this year. Together with my wife and friends, we ballooned WizardCast to a small network of Science Fiction and Fantasy podcasts known as Wizards.FM, and got to have a good time reviewing movies. In July our co-host and my good friend Mike came out to visit us and joined us at a bookstore in San Francisco, a couple miles from the Golden Gate Bridge where we hosted the release of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, the final book in the Harry Potter series. Tons of people were lined up in that store as we pumped up a sound system and counted down to midnight and the sales moment.

In October when our lease ran up, Barbara and I moved from the small, run down apartment we moved into in 2006 and moved into a beautiful larget apartment complex. One of the primary choosing criteria for the complex we chose is it&#8217;s location. Our new home is only a mile away from the new offices that Justia is moving into. Today, the last day of 2007 the Justia Staff was moving into the new offices. 2008 we are kicking off a new office, a new Justia, it is a fantastic space and I&#8217;m looking forward to working there in 2008, in fact this morning I walked to the office for the first time (quite a hike for me) it&#8217;s the start of my New Years Resolution to walk to work for the two-fold purpose of being healthier and saving money on gasoline.

Well I had to take a break for a few to count down to midnight with my wife and Mike and then kiss my wife as we rang in 2008. So from me and my family, to all of you, have a safe and happy 2008.

Happy New Year!

_Blogged with [Flock](http://www.flock.com/blogged-with-flock)_